Add reference to console1984 in encryption docs (#43115)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_encryption.md

This makes for a more performant decryption since, instead of trying lists of keys, the system can now locate keys directly. The price to pay is storage: encrypted data will be a bit bigger in size.

> ## Protected Console Accesses
> 
> The gem [`console1984`](https://github.com/basecamp/console1984) lets you protect access to encrypted data during Rails console sessions. 
> 

Reviewer: What do you think about clarifying what the default Rails console doesn't protect?
Something like:
```suggestion
## Protected Console Accesses

Anyone with access to the Rails console can decrypt encrypted data. To protect access to encrypted data during Rails console sessions you can use the [`console1984`](https://github.com/basecamp/console1984) gem.
```
